I make my way back to the apartment. I don’t see any reason to fly; I’m not in a hurry, so I take the train. It’s the standard reaction, people want to shake my hand, sometimes they thank me for something I did for them. I try and remember all their names, and I usually do. That’s not the powers, I’ve always been able to do that.

Shit.

Some of the falling beams tore my jacket. It’s a big gash, too, right across the back. Damn it, this was a good jacket. I don’t wear a costume, or a cape, or any of that garbage, and because of that, sometimes my regular clothes take a lot of damage. I don’t wear a mask, either.

I try and smile for the people, some of them offer me money, but I never take it. Not that I couldn’t use it, rent is due in a week and it’s obvious that this rag is beyond repair.

I get off at the next stop, it’s not mine, I just want to get away from the people. Right before I take to the air, I hear a siren, and a little girl cry.

Looks like I have something to do after all.

I follow the sounds, and I find a bank, there are police cars all around it, keeping the crowds away from the street.

I land nearby and walk over to the officer in charge. I think his name is Henry.

The cops hate it when I land near their cars, I don’t know why. Henry hates me because I’m not a cop.

I can hear the crowd saying my name, and it’s with a sense of relief, I actually hear a man say "It’s over now, Bob’s going to show those fuckers how it’s done in our town!"

It makes me proud to hear that sometimes, but then I always have this fear that I’m going to fail again, and who knows what that’s going to cost us.

"Bob."

I walk over to Henry. He’s talking to another officer and some men in black suits, I don’t know them, but I get a flash of some badges and some mumbling. They’re FBI.

"Marvelous Bob! Pleasure to meet you, I’m Dibney, this is my partner Holks."

Holks says nothing as I shake his hand.

"What we’ve got here, Bobbo, is—"

I’m not even looking at them, I’m looking in to the bank, but I can hear someone say, "Bob. Call him Bob, or Marvelous Bob, but show some respect."

"I didn’t mean anything by it, I was just trying to be friendly…"

He continues to explain, oblivious to the fact that I’m not even there anymore.

When I looked into the bank I saw the little girl, and behind her the source of her cries.

A "super villain."

I hate that shit.

They’ve been popping up around the city the past few years, this guy is new, and his first act is to hold a little girl hostage? I can see some blood on a knife in his hand, there are bodies on the ground all around him, and a quick check shows the girl’s got a cut on her neck that’s getting bigger.

I’m in no mood for this shit. I stop his heart, he falls down dead, and it’s done.

I turn and tell Henry that it’s clear, they can go in and get the remaining people, bring the medics, and I turn to leave.

That’s when I hear Dibney quietly say, "He dead?"

Yes.

"I heard you do that sometimes. Kill them."

I explain about the little girl and the bodies.

"How many have you killed?"

As many as I have to.

That's not an answer and it's clear he has more questions, but with that, I fly off. I want to go home.

Let the city deal with itself for a few hours.

I’ve got problems of my own, anyway.

Laura’s gone.

She’s not coming back.

I come in through the window, and I can see the letter she left me.

I don’t read it. I don’t have to; I know what it says.

She left all the lights on. Funny girl.

I don’t use lights. I don’t need them, and, to tell you the truth, unless I concentrate, they make my eyes sting.

I should get some goggles or something.

I’m still pissed about the jacket, and without thinking, I cause all the lights to burst out.

I also notice that she’s left all the bills for the month.

So that’s it. All her stuff is gone. Two years together, and now it’s gone.

She couldn’t have waited two hours?

Two fucking hours?

She never understood that I had to do the things I do.

I met her the same way I meet everyone. I saved her.

It was a car-jacking. Just as I was walking by, this idiot was trying to pull a car-jacking in my town.

I knocked the guy out, and took him down to the station before she even knew I was there.

I returned to check on her, and she offered to buy me dinner.

We ate together every night after that.

Until tonight.

She asked me not to go once. I tried to explain it to her, but she just got angry and stormed off.

Turned out to be a bomb in a building. I found it, but I didn’t know how to defuse it, and time was short, so I flew it out of town as fast as I could.

Very little property damage, but no lives lost.

When I got home she wasn’t there. She came home later that night, drunk.

I knew she had been with another man. I could tell. I saw it in her mind.

Thanks, powers.

I hope she’s with him now, maybe happier than I could ever have made her.

I decide to go to sleep, and right before I do, I hear a woman scream from down the block.

I can almost hear Laura saying "Don’t go, stay with me" as I fly out of bed and then the window.

I get there too late.

The screaming has stopped mid-scream, and a woman is dead.

I land and I see her face. I know this woman. I try to remember everyone I save.

I saved her from a car-jacking once.
