Once a month I go down to the University for testing. A lot of us with powers do.

They, those without powers, wonder why we have them.

And so do I.

It was through these monthly tests that I met Alex.

I don’t agree with everything he does, he wears a cape and a stupid mask, he’s got a secret identity.

But we have an understanding.

The scientists and doctors say that while everyone has different powers, mine being the most unique they’ve seen, all of our powers must originate from the same source because

A) We’re all male. Nobody knows why, but there hasn’t been a woman with powers ever found.

and

B) We’re all sterile. Not one of us has a little soldier with any ammo in the gun.

The current theory is that it’s genetic.

Each month, after the tests, Alex and I go to lunch.

He always goes in costume, because, as he says "If Alex Wiffers were seen having lunch with Marvelous Bob, what would people think?"

They would think we were friends.

And we are.

It’s good to have someone to talk to about what we do.

Even if he is a "super hero".

Today is a special lunch, though. Today I don’t just need company, I need a favor.

Alex has only one power, but it’s a doozy. He can travel through time.

The catch, and there’s always a catch, is that however far he travels, he ages.

That’s why I’m having lunch with a seventy-year-old man in spandex.

"Bob, I would love to help you, I really would, but it’s my heart."

I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t really need it.

"We’re friends, man, old friends…"

He laughs a little there, a small joke on himself.

It’s the first time I’ve seen him smile today.

Sometimes I feel really sorry for him, but there’s nothing I can do.

"But there are some things I can’t even do for you. I don’t even know if I could."

He’s quiet, and before I can say anything, he hits me with some more news.

"I’m dying, Bob."

We’re all dying. I realize how stupid that is, even before I finish saying it.

"No, Bob, not like me. I know when, and I know where."

So he tells me.

Last night Alex woke up to a crash, only to see an older version of himself sitting in a chair in his little one room apartment.

Startled, he went towards this new Alex, only to find him bloody and aged to death, and, as if that weren’t enough, there was a letter.

For me.

He hands it to me, and sits there expectantly. He wants me to open it.

I want me to open it.

But something in the back of my head says not to.

A mental alarm goes off just as I stick a finger under the flap to tear it open, a signal that very clearly says "NOT HERE".

I’ve learned to follow those signals.

Alex doesn’t understand, and I don’t think I can expect him to.

He died for this letter.

He died for me.

I put my finger back under the flap, and that’s when the world explodes around me.

It must be a bomb.

No, more than one.

All around us, they go off, and the light…

The light is blinding.

My first thought is that I should have bought those damn goggles.

My second thought is for Alex.

I still can’t see, but I call out for him. I don’t get a response.

I can hear people moving around, a lot of people.

There’s no way normal people could have survived that, they’ve got to be powered.

It was a trap.

I can hear Alex calling to me now, then a crunch, and a scream.

Hands grab me. Me!

It should be simple enough to shrug them off and get to Alex.

But for some reason, it’s not.

They hit me. Hard.

I’m being held down, and Alex has stopped screaming.

They hit me again, must be more than one person.

I still can’t see, but I can feel blood on my face.

The world goes quiet as I black out.

No one even notices the letter disappear.
