My name is Alex Wiffers and tomorrow I will be in an explosion with my good friend, Bob.
Lots of blasts and lights and, I would imagine, it will all be very interesting.

If you aren't sitting in the middle of it.

Which I was.

I'm a Super Hero, and this wasn't the first time I've been in danger, surely not the first time I've teamed with Bob.

But this is the first time I've fought other Powered, and this is the first time I've ever seen anybody lay Bob out like that.

What about me, you ask?

Oh, I got it pretty good.

In fact, I'm going to die, but I'm getting ahead of myself.

Hah.

Little joke there.

Let me fill you in, we've got the time.

'Nother joke there.

I was born twelve years ago, next week, happy birthday to me.

How does a twelve year old boy get an old man's body and mind?

Welcome to Time Travel: The Hard Way.

I can move around through time, and as I go, I age, day for day, year for year.

It's a living.

I usually jump forward a minute or two, sometimes more, and that's how I get ahead of the crooks.

The jokes are my way of passing time, so you'll have to bear with me.

Jumping back is harder, and I don't like doing it. I usually take at least twice the wear and tear when I do that, and it leaves me a little muddled and unfocused.

Biggest jump I ever did was back four years, and that was special, just for Bob.

Kinda like this one's for Bob.

He doesn't know about the first one, and he won't know about the next one until tomorrow when I tell him.

Last thing that happened, that will happen, when I was with him, is I was trashed. My body's pretty much beyond repair, and this jump isn't helping matters. Take a crushed body, add a few days without medical attention, and you've got the way I'm going to die.

I even know when.

Sorry. I'll curb the jokes.

Just before I left, I gave Bob a letter, and I hoped he would open it. He didn't get the chance.

I got the letter from me, after I traveled through time to give it to me.

It sounds worse than it is.

When I got it, I thought it was part of some calculated thing, you know?

Bring the letter to myself as a last ditch effort to save the world?

I brought it to me, and it killed me, so I had hoped it would at least be important.

I still don't know what's in that damn envelope.

See, I know I'm going to die the second I enter time again, right there in my favorite chair (thank you very much).

I die; my other self gets the letter, and takes it to Bob.

Enter problem number one.

My other self doesn't know it, but he's in a loop.

I didn't know it, so he won't know it.

He takes Bob the letter, the explosions make our day a little brighter, and, in his last act, all on pure instinct, he's going to jump in time.

He jumps to the first point on his mind, and here's the big joke on me...

...he jumps to last night.

He jumps to when he got the letter, and that's when he, or me, whatever...

That's when I realize that I'm in a loop.

A loop I made, thanks for nothing.

So now we enter problem number two.

The problem I care a little more about than a stupid loop.

I'm gonna die.

Now, Mrs. Wiffers baby boy isn't stupid.

I've got a plan, and I think that given my current condition, that it's a pretty good one.

This time, when I land in that chair-o-mine, I'm going to say not "give Bob this letter", but "destroy this letter".

That should take care of the loop, the letter, and everything else.

----

My name is Alex Wiffers, and I just saw something interesting.

Something most people will never get to see.

I saw myself, beaten and bloody and bruised and battered, appear in my favorite chair holding a piece of paper (a letter actually), mutter something, and then dissipate.

I don't know exactly what to make of this, as I said, it's not really an everyday thing, not even for me.

So I go to Bob.

He's seen almost everything you can see in this business; I heard he even had a place on the moon once.

He's the best at this sort of thing, I look up to him more that he'll ever know, thank you very much.

He's the guy you wanted to be when you were five.

He's the guy who does what you wished you had done when you had the chance, and what you couldn't do when you tried.

He's my hero.

He's a Super Hero's hero.

You've got to love that sort of thing.

I have lunch with him after the tests, it's a thing we do.

I pay.

I'm sure he would if he could, but, let's face it, the guy's broke.

Hell, even if he did try to pay, I would jump back a minute or two and pay before him.

Principal of the thing and all that, thank you very much.

So I'm here at lunch with Bob, and he asks me for a favor, and I tell him I can't because I just saw myself die and I think that whatever he wanted can wait until he takes a look at this.

So I give him the letter.
