From the day of their conception, they’ve been called many things, but today, they’re only called “the Squad”.

“Sir, I’m worried about the Squad.  I don’t think they’re ready for this.”

I tell him that they’re ready.  This is why they exist.  This is their moment; this is where five years of research pays off.  They’re ready because we built them to be ready.

I can’t expect this man to understand what we’re doing here.  He wasn’t part of the first project.  He wasn’t there for each trial.  He has no idea how far we’ve come.

“Sir, I’ve gone over the tests myself, and I can tell you that even at their peak power-levels, they’ll only have about half of his potential.”

I tell him not to worry.

Half of infinity is still infinity, son.

“Yes, sir.”

I watch him walk out of the room; his part in this is over.

I wonder, someday, will he tell his grandchildren what we did today?  Will he tell them how he was part of it all, how he warned the General before it all began?

Will he tell them about the day we killed Marvelous Bob?

----

As I look at the four of them, I can’t help but be impressed.  Five years of strenuous work, not just on the part of scientists, but on their part as well.

I would almost call them men, but I won’t.

I could never let myself believe that.  They’re not even human.  They’re part of his ilk.

And they’re going to kill him.

It has to be done.

He’s uncontrollable, he’s a vigilante.  He needs to answer for his crimes.

We’re going to make him answer.

I wonder, sometimes, how much like him are they?  Are they reading my thoughts right now?  Is he?

I’ve studied him, you know.

From the first time we got him on film, the first sound bite, everything there is to know.

I’ve written most of the theories on him, myself.

I used to wonder if he knew what we were doing.

It’s stupid, I know.  If he knew, we would all be dead… scientists, generals, and the Squad.

Well, maybe not the Squad.

That’s what I’m betting on, what everyone is counting on; the Squad.

We know somewhat of what he can do, mostly what he’s admitted himself.

He can’t read the thoughts of his immediate family; he’s almost vulnerable under severely bright lights…

There’s no method to his fighting, everything he does, it looks as if he just cruises through each conflict, doing what he thinks is a good idea at the time.

That’s their edge.

They can focus their powers together.  They have coordinated attacks.  They work together under constant telepathic contact with me.

They’ve trained specifically, I’ve seen to it personally, to kill him.

They’re the only ones who can.

They’re his clones.

The idea came from the most unlikely of places.

Like many other powered, he goes for testing each month.

With the government behind us, it wasn’t hard to acquire samples of his genetic material.

For five years, we’ve been pushing these clones, accelerating their growth, stuffing their minds chock-full of information, ensuring their loyalty.

We started with twenty seven of them.

Four survived the process.

They don’t have names or numbers. They act as one unit, they practically think together. We’ve never had this kind of power under our control before, we—

“Sir?  Sir, it’s time.”

Alright, then.  Where is he?

“In the middle of town, sir, a diner… Sir, are we still going to...”

This is war, son.  People die in wars.

Send them.

They’re on him almost before I give the order.

I look at the monitors, and I can see them above the diner.

They’ve got miniature cameras on them, specially equipped to handle what we’re about to put them through.

Squad: LIGHT.

For an instant, all the monitors flash white, but as the cameras adjust I can see the Squad, each of them blazing like a new sun in the sky.

Squad: BRING THE HOUSE DOWN.

They move so fast, straight down through the roof, the dust makes it hazy, but I can make him out.

He’s dazed, searching around for something.

There’s another one there, an old man in a costume... he’s fumbling around on the ground.

I don’t know this one, and there isn’t time to check just which side he’s on.

Squad: STOP THE ONE IN COSTUME, THEN DEAL WITH BOB.

One of them grabs the old man, breaks him.

I can sense the Squad momentarily confused as the old man disappears.

Squad: MOVE TO BOB, FORGET THE OLD MAN.

I watch as they grab him.  Three of them hold him down, as one of them starts to hit him.

They all start to hit him.

And he’s taking it.  He can’t get out of the grapple, but he’s not stopped.

I start to panic.  What if it doesn’t work?  What if he makes it through this and comes after us?

After me?

After my family?

There’s no telling what he’ll do if he’s angry…

I give the Squad what will be their final order.

Squad: NOVA!

I watch the light get brighter and then the monitors go to fuzz as the cameras feeding them are destroyed.

I can almost feel the shockwaves from what I’ve just done.

Half the city must be gone.

He couldn’t have lived through that.

Nothing could have.

We’re finally safe.
