My head is full of questions.

Most prominently: Where am I?

It’s dark.

Why is it dark?

My vision is hazy and gray, but I can make out a room, and a chair, and...

Maria?

I force my eyes to open.

Why is it still dark?

"He’s awake!"

Perspective comes slowly, and I feel my body as if for the first time.

Moving is hard.

Very hard.

"Oh, god, he’s trying to move!"

I think I know that voice.

It’s still all gray! Why the fuck is it gray?

"Don’t move Bob, stay still!"

I do know that voice

It is Maria, a trusted voice.

I do as she says.

"Bob, can you speak?"

I try.

It seems I can.

"Oh, god, Bob… do you know where you are?"

It’s still gray, but I can see other people.

Why can’t I move my head?

Why am I tied down?

Then the real question hits me.

The question I didn’t even think to ask until now.

How am I tied down?

Someone loosens the strap on my head and gives me a pillow.

Through the gray, I can see I’m in a bed, and there are straps across it holding me down.

Ria, what the fuck is going on?

"Bob, oh, Bob…"

She’s crying.

It’s hard to talk, and I’m getting really tired.

Another voice answers my question.

"Bob, my name is Dr. Yollson. Do you remember me?"

Talking is getting harder, as is staying awake.

I manage to answer, though.

Car fire. You. A boy.

"Uhm, well, yes, ah..."

He didn’t expect me to remember him.

Why wouldn’t he expect me to remember him?

"Bob, there was an incident."

Incident. That’s that they called it when those of us with powers fought.

"What’s the last thing you remember?"

I have to think about it. Really think.

Pain. Holding me down.

Then it all comes back.

"The police found you and brought you here. Nothing we did could wake you. The best we could do was life support..."

He trails off. They didn’t expect me to wake up.

Why wouldn’t I wake up?

Will somebody tell me what’s going on?

Why can’t I see?

It’s killing me to stay awake.

I keep asking questions.

So they tell me.

The police found me naked and alone in the center of a quarter mile crater. There was nothing around me but the scorched earth, bleached from the blast of multiple explosions.

They actually waited about half an hour, most of them expecting me to wake up.

It’s not as cruel as it sounds, one time this guy in a bear costume slammed me so hard he knocked me out for about ten minutes.

I tore his arms off, I was so pissed.

That was back when I starting out, I think I made some stupid remark about the right to "bear arms". It wasn't my finest moment and I'm not proud of it.

When I didn’t wake up, they called the university, who in turn called the hospital.

And they called Maria.

They hooked me up to minimal life support, set my broken bones and sewed me up.

That was about four months ago.

As far as they could tell, I was the only survivor.

I tell them about the trap and being held down and blacking out.

They look at me with pity.

In the back of my head there's a buzzing question that I haven’t asked.

A wondering thought passes through my head, and I vocalize it without thinking.

They don’t know the answer.

My right leg had extensive surgery, they practically had to rebuild it.

I still have a cast, I can feel it.

All this gray is driving me crazy.

I want to talk to Maria alone.

They leave the room, and I tell her to lock the door and come stand next to me.

It takes most of my strength to look at her.

I’ve lost my powers.

"I know."

Do they know how?

"No, nobody does. They’ve been gone since they brought you in here."

Then, for the first time since I was seventeen I’m afraid.

I’m blind, Ria.

A few weeks later they wheel me out the front door.

The hospital is swarming with press.

There are flashes and microphones in my face, there are so many questions.

"Is it true you’ve lost your powers?"

Somebody said it.

They actually fucking said it!

It’s in the papers the next day.

The National Guard is called out to protect the city from everyone seeking revenge.

It’s night, and I’m sleeping.

The phone rings, and I wake up.

Rings again.

I get out of bed and grab my cane.

Ring.

Keep ringing you bastard, keep ringing, I’m going as fast as I can.

Ring. Ring.

Hello?

"Is this Bob?"

Yes. Who’s this?

"This is Marvelous Bob?"

Nobody’s called me that in a while. It’s just Bob now. Who’s this?

"I’m going to hurt you."

And he hangs up.

I get a lot of calls like that. People calling and saying they want to kill me.

I hobble back to bed, and try to sleep.
