I crouch down.
You know, slump in my seat, pull down the brim of my hat and push up my sunglasses.

I'm doing my best not to be noticed, which, I guess, is why I get noticed.

There's this man next to me and he starts to talk at me. You know, in that way that almost makes you take part in the conversation, but not really including you in it.

"So, what do you do?"

Nothing. I'm... unemployed right now.

"Right, right... yeah, my brother's in the same boat. I was here visiting him. Worked in this company or somethin' for ten years, then, BAM, he's fired. That what happen to you?"

No. Nothing like that really, I just used to do something, now I don't do it anymore.

"Oh, you quit, huh? I can relate, I hate my job, flying around, cheap hotels, bad beds and bad food..."

I used to like the flying.

I mumble it, and he doesn't even pay attention, he's still talking about how he hates his job.

"...and then the wife gets mad that I'm not home, but if I was home, there wouldn't be any money, and she can't work so I have to, but I think I would trade places with her in a second. I love my kids. I never get to see them. You have kids?"

No.

Now he pauses. I think he can tell I don't want to talk. I want to sit here and let the stupid plane take off and I want to get out of here.

But his pause is over, and he didn't take the hint.

"Anyway... yeah. So what was it you used to do? You know, your job."

I don't think you would know it.

"Hey, you never know, I get around. I worked in a lumber mill for three summers, then the next year I ran errands for a circus. You gotta work, right? You're not what you do, though. One thing I learned, a man is not his job. So c'mon, what did you do?"

Now it's my turn to pause. I'm trying to start a new life. I never really thought about my past, or what I should tell people when they ask who I am.

Or was.

So I go with the truth.

Or a version of it.

I tell him I used to work for the city.

"Oh, now I get it. Government work, huh? Yeah, I got a sister in the Post Office. She likes it, but I guess that kind of thing ain't for everybody. That what you did, Post Office?"

I tell him I was closer to law enforcement.

"Ex-cop? Huh."

Another pause.

I'm doing my best not to encourage him to talk. Please, buddy, please take the hint.

"So..."

Damnit.

"So.. My name's Makinds. Keith Makinds."

"Yours?"

His hand is out. I'm supposed to shake it.

What do I say?

I take his hand in mine, and we shake firmly, he's got a tight grip, and as I glance down and watch our hands bounce up and down, I hear myself say...

My name is Robert.
