I’ve got about three weeks of pay to put someplace, and an old milk jar isn’t going to cut it anymore.
So, to the bank I go.

A lot of memories in banks.

If I had thought about it for just half a second more, I would’ve just laid down with the rest of the hostages.

I mean, some guys pull guns, and fire a few rounds… what am I supposed to do?

I guess maybe it really is instinct.

Everyone dropped and I just stood there.

Which singled me out.

That would have been bad enough.

But one of these guys… damnit.

He knew me.

It had to happen sooner or later.

So now there’s a gun pointed at me and there’s nothing I can do about it.

“So.  Lookie here.  It’s Marvelous Bob!”

“I hear he ain’t so marvelous no more.  Just like us now.  A regular dude.”

“Yeah, that’s what I heard, too.”

Fuck.

I take a look at them.  They’re not even masked.

They never would have gotten away with this shit before.

But it’s not before, and I don’t have any way to stop them.

“You know me, Bob?  You know who I am?”

No.

“You tossed me outta your town.  Dropped me on my ass at the city limits!  You don’t remember that, Big Man?”

I never did that.

I’m not lying, either.  I really never did that.

This isn’t the first time a punk tried to get a better rep like this.

This is the first time he could kill me with one shot.

“Yeah, I’m the big man now!”

At least they seem to have forgotten about the bank.

He moves closer to me, about three feet or so, and as he raises the gun, leveling it at my head, I’m sure that I’m going to die.

Of all the things to flash through my mind, I think how ironic it is that I’m going to be shot in the head and die.

I hear the gunshot and I expect to be dead.

But I’m not.

Everything is frozen.

No.

Not frozen.

Time just… slowed.

I can see the bullet still coming at me.

“Pretty neat trick, huh, Bob?”

Alex.

I start to ask a question, but I’m interrupted.

“Bob, I don’t have much time here…”

He laughs.

“…So I’ve looked ahead a few seconds, and, yes, it’s me.”

I start to speak again.

“Did it again.  No, I’m not here, not so much as there is a ‘here’ for me anymore.  I’m not, shall we say, corporeal, anymore.  Here.”

And that’s when I seen a young boy in Alex’s costume.

“Surprise.”

He sees me look at the gunmen.

“Don’t worry about that.  It’s taken care of.  Or it will be.  Or, I guess, it is being taken care of, at the same time I’m talking to you and you’re asking me about me.”

I don’t even bother to talk now.

“Bob, it doesn’t work like that.  If you don’t say anything, then I can’t see what you’re going to say and we end up sitting here wasting seconds… and now I had to say all that.”

He looks annoyed.

And so young.

“Just listen then.  I’m not the same Alex.  Not like you knew me.  Time’s a funny little thing, and when you spend an infinite amount of time with time, you get to know it a little.  Time that is.”

But at least you’re alive!

He frowns at my smile.

“Uhm.... no.  Actually, I’m not.  Not in anyway you would know.  It’s pretty much taking everything I have to talk to you like this.  After that, well… I’ll be energy used up, or I guess I’ll just dissipate.”

I don’t understand any of this, and I tell him so.

“I’m part of time now.  The plane or sphere or whatever you want it to be, but the more I become part of it, the less I have of myself.  It’s not that fucking hard.”

He’s so serious now.  I remember an old man who laughed at himself, not this stoic boy.

I see him soften a bit.  He looks almost sad.

“You never knew I was a kid.”

I had no idea.

When I met him, he was well past thirty.

“You’re my hero, Bob.  All I wanted to do was grow up and be like you.  You’re the reason I became who I am.  Or, I guess, was.  Or you could even say, will be, but that’s just being facetious.”

I don’t know what to tell him.  I start to thank him for saving my life and he interrupts me again.

“I’ve got something for you, Bob.  Something more precious than gold.  More precious than anything.”

“A second chance.”

That’s when I feel it.

The image of Alex melts away before me, everything around me melts away, but I can still hear him in my head.

“You’re not going to remember this.  Or anything.  Not really.  Just a vague notion.  So I need to you concentrate on what I’m going to tell you.  Concentrate harder on it than you ever have on anything, ever before.”

“Are you ready, champ?”

My dad used to call me champ.

“I know, Bob.”

“Good luck, I hope you’re ready.  Concentrate!”

“Save her.”
