I can’t sleep at night.

I try. I do all the stupid home remedies… warm milk, all of that crap.

But it doesn’t work.

My bed’s set against the window and night after night, I just look out at the stars.

I’ve got this small room, with a kitchenette… nothing fancy, but still out of my price-range.

I couldn’t afford it without my brother Frank’s help.

It’s weird, we fought for so long, I was sure he hated me.

I think he still does.

Maybe that’s why he helps me.

He finally feels like he beat me.

Whatever.

As long as we’re not fighting anymore, I can live with it.

It used to drive mom crazy.

But now it doesn’t, and she can sleep at night.

But I still can’t.

All I can do at night is look at the stars.

And think of Grace.

The stars always make me think of Grace.

I didn’t have powers then.

I was just a guy named Bob.

I met her in what turned out to be my last year in college.

It was her first.

We didn’t have a single class together.

No mutual friends.

She lived about three miles from me, we weren’t even neighbors.

We met because Grace wanted us to meet.

I was walking along, I think I left class early, or maybe I didn’t even go that day.

I was just walking, and this girl came up to me.

Walks right up and says she wants to have some coffee, and she would like it if I went with her.

I hate coffee.

I think I had six cups.

I loved her by the end of the first.

I didn’t tell her then, and it was too late when I did.

We had been together for about two years, and we had shared everything with each other.

Except that.

I couldn’t say it.

I knew, and she knew, but I couldn’t say it.

She wanted to go for a walk, and of course I went with her.

I would have followed her to hell and beyond.

We would walk twice a week or so, and we would look at the stars.

She loved the stars.

She didn’t know all the constellations, or the names of the stars, she just thought they were beautiful and loved to look at them.

And I loved to look at her.

We would walk and she would look up and sigh and I would tell her to step to the side, there was a puddle, or here’s the curb.

One night, she looked to the left.

Just a casual glance, and she stops.

There was something in the dark, in the very back of an alley.

I didn’t see it, I would never have noticed it, but Grace did.

“Look!  Look, Bob, there’s something wrong over there!”

I looked, and I saw, and I told her to keep walking, pick up the pace.

“What’re you talking about?!  They might need help!”

And she took off down the alley.

So I took off after her.

We got closer, and we saw.

It was a mugging.

Two guys were robbing a hooker.

One had a gun.

I remember feeling frozen.

And I remember watching Grace.

“What’s going on here?”

It sounded so stupid.  Everyone knew what was happening.

“Well?”

They didn’t say anything.

The one with the gun turned it on us.

On Grace.

“Your purse.”

Somehow I found my voice.

Gracie, give him your purse.

She wouldn’t.

Now, I knew there wasn’t any money in there.

I didn’t know why she wouldn’t give it up.

I wouldn’t know until later.

She had a picture of me in a small frame, and she didn’t want to lose it.

The one without the gun grabbed for it, and she wouldn’t let go, and the second guy fired a shot in the air.

Everyone froze.

He leveled the gun at her.

“Listen, lady, just give us your purse.”

He was looking right at us.

So he didn’t see the hooker pick up a board and slam it into the back of his head.

Again, things happened quickly.

He went down, the other guy ran, Gracie grabbed the gun, and I…

I didn’t do anything.

Police reports later, we were home again.

We were going to bed, I was tired and, honestly, I was still scared.

Right before I fell asleep, she asked me.

“Why didn’t you do anything?”

What could I have done?

“Anything!  You didn’t even want to get involved!”

You’re damn right I didn’t!  We could have been killed!  We wouldn’t have even been in any danger if you hadn’t run down there to see what was going on!

“I thought I could help!”

Why do you even care?!  We didn’t know her!

“Does that make her less important?  Am I more important than she is?”

I screamed my reply.

Yes!

Yes, you’re more important!  She was just a hooker!  She knows what she’s going to do each night she’s out there, she knows what can happen!

You!  You’re more important to me than anything!  I…

I still couldn’t say it.

I stopped yelling and let my anger die.

I would die for you, Gracie.

“But not for her.  That’s the difference between us, Bob.”

I didn’t know what to say, so we went to bed and we left it at that.
