I  couldn’t sleep that night; I lay there for hours just looking at the stars.

I was awake, that’s why I heard the window break.

It was the other thug.

He knew where we lived? Maybe he followed us, who knows?

He seemed surprised, I don’t think he even intended to rob us, just somebody.

Maybe he was just unlucky.

But he was here, in our home.

With a gun.

It’s always a gun.

Well, he was back, be it for revenge or money or bad luck or whatever, and he broke the window and I got out of bed and I went to see what was wrong.

And I didn’t wake Grace.

I went out of our room, to the main room, and I saw the broken glass on the floor.

But I didn’t see him.

At first I thought maybe it was just a rock, or something, vandalism or neighborhood kids.

But then I heard the scream.

He had gone into our room through the bathroom, and he had seen Grace, or she had seen him, and she screamed.

I ran into the room, I mean it, I bolted in there.

And I saw him, with the gun on her.

I saw her, in one of my old shirts.

I saw her, with her hair behind one ear.

I saw her tremble, truly afraid.

And I was on him.

I ran at him before he could turn the gun on me, I jumped on him, and I started hitting him.

I mean it.  I really beat the shit out of the guy.

I just kept picturing him with the gun pointed at Grace.

I was yelling at him the whole time.

Never again!

Don’t touch her!

I was busy fighting the man on the ground, I didn’t see the other man.

“Get off him!”

I didn’t hear.

He said it again, and I didn’t pay any attention.

“Get off him or I kill the woman.”

I stopped hitting the unmoving mound on the floor that used to be a man, and turned to see a tall man with a gun.

A gun pointed at Grace.

Touching her.

“Get up, and walk to the door.”

I stared at him.

“Get up, or she dies.”

I slowly rose and walked to the door.

As I walked, I sentenced him to death.

I’m going to kill you.

“I don’t doubt that you could, seeing as what you’ve done to my comrade there, however, I don’t think that you will.”

This man was not a street thug.

He was smart.

Did I recognize the voice?

“Now, if you’ll kindly walk out the door and close it behind you…”

I stopped.

I had never seen Grace look like she did then.

She was too pale.

She didn’t look scared, only sad.

No.

“Either you do, or she’s dead.”

No.

No.

No.

NO!

I just kept saying it.

I don’t really know what happened next.

It was half a lifetime ago the first time my powers activated themselves.

It was a one shot deal, excuse the pun, I hadn’t seen anything from them since.

I saw him move his finger to fire the gun.

I remember not being fast enough, not being strong enough, not being good enough to save her.

And suddenly, I was.

I was there and I hit him.

Hard.

He went flying, slammed into the wall, and crumpled to the ground.

I turned to see Gracie, she was bleeding.

She had been shot, she was bleeding in the middle, I didn’t know where.

It was right in the stomach.

I called 911.

I didn’t know what to do.

“Bob…”

I’m here, Gracie, it’s okay, they’ll be here soon, you’re going to be okay.

“No… no, I won’t.  I can feel… Bob…”

She coughed.

She was barely breathing.

She was still too pale.

What is it, honey?

“How… how did… you?”

I don’t know, baby.  I just did.

“How?”

So I told her.

I told her about when I was younger.

“Bob… why?  I… you…”

And her eyes closed.

And she coughed.

And then she died.

I sat with her for about an hour, when the police and ambulance got there, I tried to explain the best I could.

I was the only person at her funeral.
