And it rains.

Every day it rains.

It’s gray and it’s wet and just when I think there might be a splash of sunlight, the rain falls harder.

Half a lifetime ago, before the powers, before I was marvelous...

I was seventeen and there was a rainy day.

I remember that there had been a heat wave or something, and I think I saw on television that they didn’t expect any rain, not for a long time.

And it was hot, I mean, really hot.

People were dropping on the street, fainting dead away.

I skipped school again, snuck back home after everyone was gone.

I don’t know if I had really been planning anything, but I guess when you’re that age, sometimes everything just falls together when it’s falling apart.

Mom had this gun, see.

You know, for protection, it really wasn’t a very good neighborhood.

I guess back then, there really weren’t any good neighborhoods in my city.

But it wasn’t my city yet.  Back then I just lived there.

It’s weird what I remember about that day.

I remember my room being really empty.  I think maybe we were painting it, but I remember there were sheets or tarps or something, all of it draping white.

It was so hot, and I remember I opened the double window, trying for just a little bit of air.

I remember turning out all the lights but one.  It was one of those hanging lights, where the cord is part of the fixture and it was swinging a little bit from the breeze or the windows.

And, of course, I remember shooting myself.

You really can’t forget something like that.

I remember looking out the window and thinking for just a second that maybe it would be better it I jumped, but I wasn’t sure that a three story fall would kill me, and I didn’t want to be a quadriplegic.

As I said, I didn’t really plan this in much detail; other than I wanted to make sure that nobody was there when I did it.

Let them find me when it was done, fine.

Besides, what if they tried to stop me?

I remember standing under the light and it was moving just a little and it just barely reached my hair.

I remember lifting my arm, I think I held the gun about two or three inches from my head.

And I stopped.

I don’t know how long I stood there, it couldn’t have been very long, but it seemed like forever.

Have you ever lived a lifetime in a few seconds?

I did.

I had this flash of insight, or vision, or something.  Best I can describe it is maybe a “future memory”.

Now, no, I didn’t see the future, and I didn’t have any powers then anyway, it was more of a daydream.

But I saw myself, and I saw my life, or what I thought would be my life, and I didn’t want it and I didn’t like it, and I heard myself asking why I would ever want that.

So I pulled the trigger and I heard thunder and I was struck by lighting.

I had never been near a real gunshot.

It’s loud.

It’s loud and it’s bright.

If you’re close enough, it’s really bright.

And I was close.

I remember the shot, and I remember seeing a bright light, and I remember feeling the bullet hit my temple.

The side of my head felt like burning, and then it felt, I don’t know how to describe it, like a tearing, and then the gun flew from my hand.

I stood there and I felt something warm and wet flowing down the side of my face and I reached up and I wiped my hand across my face.

I don’t actually remember looking at it, but I must have because I saw the blood.

I saw red everywhere, and then it started to turn gray.

Then I passed out.

I heard a scream and I woke up.

Maria was the first to get home in the afternoon.

She had opened my door and there I was and she screamed.

And it woke me.

As I opened my eyes, I remember the gray clearing and I remember seeing her in the doorway, just screaming.

So I sat up.

She ran over to me, and I remember she grabbed me and pulled me close.

I was just sitting there numbly, being held.

I was facing the window.

I could feel her shudder against me as she started to cry.

I felt a wetness on my face.

And I wasn’t crying.

Coming in from the window was a soft rain.
