“You can’t tell anybody what happened, Bobby.”
It was the first thing she had said to me since yesterday.

It actually took me by surprise.

After Maria found me, after she stopped crying, she started to clean up.

Everything in the room that even hinted of what I had tried to do, she cleared everything out with blood on it.

She handed me the mop without a word and I started to soak up the water from the rain.

It took us most of the night.

Mom got home before we were done; Maria just closed the door and we kept working.

When it was all done, she walked out and went to her room.

I stayed in mine.

I wasn’t tired, but I went to bed.

I woke up late and decided to just skip school again, I mean, hell, this should count as sick.

I figured the place was empty by now, so I went to the kitchen.

I was pouring some Cap’n Crunch when she said it.

“You can’t tell anybody what happened, Bobby.”

I turned and saw her in her robe, standing in the doorway.

What do you mean?  Look, I’m sorry, I don’t know why I did what I did, but I’m glad I’m not dead, I mean, I guess I’m supposed to be alive, right?  The gun…

I paused for a second and she started to speak, but I kept going.

…the gun misfired.  I should have been dead, but I was just knocked out or something and it’ll all be okay now and-

“No, Bobby, no…”

She started to sob again.

What is it?  What’s wrong?  I don’t understand!

She was crying and I was yelling.

She walked to the table and reached in her robe pocket.

For some reason I remember her robe so clearly.  It was dark blue, almost black, with gold threaded trim, and these big deep pockets.

Big enough to hold a gun.

Pockets big enough to hold a gun and a small hunk of metal about the size of my fingernail.

I shut up.

I just stood there.

She reached for me, and brushed her fingers past my temple.

I cringed, it was a little sore, it felt bruised.

And that’s when it hit me.

A spot on my temple felt bruised.

Yesterday there was a lot of blood coming from that spot.

There should be a gash, right?  A huge cut or something, a scab.

I hesitantly brushed my fingers over where it should be bleeding, and it was fine.

I didn’t feel anything.

There had to be an explanation, something had happened with the gun.

“What?  What could have done this?”

I don’t know, something.  Maybe it was faulty…

“Bobby, no, this wasn’t a faulty gun!  This was… was… I don’t know what it was!”

No!  Listen, I didn’t do it!  It had to be the gun!  It’s old or something, or maybe I did it wrong!

“It wasn’t the gun. It was-“

I looked at her hard.  Harder than I had ever looked at anyone before.

She whispered the last word.

“-you.”

I had never heard of anything like this before.

Nobody had.

You’ve got to understand, this was almost seven years before I made my debut, and almost ten before there was anybody else with powers.

“Bobby!”

“Bobby!”

I wasn’t paying attention; I was in a stupor, trying to come to grips with something that took me years to accept, and to understand something that I don’t think I ever will.

“Bob!”

She grabbed my arms.  I snapped out of it and looked her straight in the eye.

“Bob, promise me you won’t tell anybody about this.  Promise me you’ll never speak a word about it.  You won’t talk about it ever again.”

Her voice got quiet, and I don’t know if I was even supposed to hear the last part.

“…promise me you won’t do it again.”

I promised.
