Mom’s pregnant.
She doesn’t know I know. I found the test in the bathroom trash.

Mom is pregnant.

I know how this happens.  I know all about babies and stuff like that.

I wonder when she’ll tell us?

Will she tell us?

She might get one of those ‘bortions and then there wouldn’t be anything to tell us.

Would she do that?

Frankie doesn’t know.

I don’t think I should tell him.

His dad has been gone for a while.

I know how babies are made and I know that my dad has been sleeping in another room for a few months now.

They fight a lot.

Mom goes out at night sometimes.

She comes back and goes right to bed.

--

Mom and dad stopped fighting once mom started to have a really big belly.

One night a man came by and mom and dad had one really big fight after that.

But then they stopped.

I think the man was the baby’s dad.

I don’t care, though.

Because mom is going to have a baby.

Mom is going to have a baby really soon.

I’m kinda excited.  I won’t be the youngest anymore.

Mom says she was a “middle child”, too.

Frankie and my dad have started to fight a lot.

About everything.

Mom says that the baby will be here any day now.  We’ve changed the guest room into a baby room and everybody worked on it together.

Except Frankie.

--

I do not like my baby brother.

I don’t like having to take care of him when I come home from school.

When mom and dad are at work I have to do everything.

I came home one day and the baby was crying and Frankie had his music up really loud and I checked on the baby and it needed changing.

I asked him about it and Frankie said it wasn’t his problem.

So it’s all my problem.

I have to do everything.

Mom and dad are either at work or fighting.

One time I asked mom about the baby’s dad and if he could maybe come help.

She started yelling at me and got all crazy upset.  When she calmed down she explained it to me.

“Maria, honey, I don’t know where he is.  I don’t know him very well.  You’ll understand this someday when you’re older.  Besides, your father wouldn’t want Robert around anyway.”

Then she said something in French or something.  Some expression or whatever, I don’t know, she does that a lot.

So I have to do everything.

It’s not like before.

I never get to have fun now.

And it’s all the baby’s fault.
