I can’t stand it.

She’s driving me insane.

What else do they want from me? I bought her a house. A maid. A car and a driver.

A cook and a private nurse; I do everything but feed her.

But Maria won’t leave me alone, telling me mom needs “special care”.

I know my mother and I know what she needs.

She doesn’t need some home.

She’s not crazy.

Maria needs to fucking try harder is all.

I’ve given her more than enough money to take care of mom and herself.

She just isn’t trying hard enough.

You can do anything if you really want it.

You just have to be strong and you have to try.

She needs to try harder.

--

He doesn’t understand.

He wasn’t there when we were younger, he was already off at school, he doesn’t know how bad it could get.

Now Bob’s off at school, I’m alone, and she’s getting worse. Each day she’s a little further away from me.

I can’t take care of her anymore.

I don’t even know what she’s saying sometimes.

She doesn’t eat if you don’t force her, she won’t leave her bed.

She goes from being catatonic to thrashing wildly and I can’t hold her and I can’t keep her from hurting herself.

All of Frank’s nurses and cooks can’t change the fact that she’s slipping away.

Each day my mother dies a little more and this thing takes her place.

This thing that looks past me.

This thing who doesn’t know me.

This thing that’s all alone and no matter how much I try I can’t reach her.

--

When they were young my children were full of life.

Good children who stayed away from trouble.

Frankie loved his father so much but he never met him. He made his father into something he wanted to be. My son is a rich man now. He will be sad when he dies.

Ria, my beautiful daughter. She is the glue that holds my children together.  I had heard that middle children sometimes do things to make themselves stand out, because they often feel overlooked. My daughter has always been the center of my family. I miss her.

My youngest son is my gift from God. My baby boy. I warned him as I warn them all.

I regret leaving my children alone.

But there is work to be done.

If a man were to be hit by a bus and I didn’t try to warn him, it would be no different than if I had killed that man myself.

It doesn’t matter if they never listen.

It doesn’t matter when the bus still comes.

I warn everyone.

They just never listen.
