My ‘brother’ is a super hero.

Sometimes I can’t believe it.  I mean, I knew him when, you know?  He’s not even that different now.

He’s a super hero and it’s just not fair.

Everything comes to him.

He flunked out of college.  He can’t hold a job.  He just coasts along.  Everything comes to him.

I, on the other hand, I’m a self made man.  I went to school.  I found a job in this stinking city when the economy said there weren’t any jobs to be found.  I made things happen for myself.  I made myself.

From what I remember and what I know from mom, he’s just like his father.

A loser.  A stupid, slacker loser.

Not like my father.

Or even Maria’s, actually.  He wasn’t too bad, not really.  I didn’t really care for him either way, then one night he died.  Heart attack.  Strangest thing, he was in perfect health.

My father was a businessman, not just some suit, but a real businessman.  He made his own deals, he made things happen.  I’m just like him.  Nothing ever came easy to us.  Not like Bob.

Everyone just loves Bob.

Fuck him.  He doesn’t do anything special.  Nothing any cop couldn’t do.  You don’t see the people flocking around the cops.

Hell, I’ve built buildings in this town!  Homeless shelters and parks and shit.  All that garbage, you know, tax stuff, and you don’t see me running around calling myself super.

Even if I am.

--

I love my brothers, I really do.

And I know they love each other, too.

They’re just so different.  Not like brothers at all, really.

But they’re my brothers and they’re part of my family.

Family helps family.  I take care of mom, Frank pays for her; house, food, all that kind of junk.

He helps Bob out, too.  Bob couldn’t make his rent without Frank’s help.

I know I’m the in-between.

And I know I got it from mom.

“Keep us all together, be the glue, Maria.  Be the glue.”

Frank is always around, but I always have to try with Bob.

I always have to reach out to him.

He doesn’t call us.  He doesn’t see mom.

Sometimes it’s like he doesn’t think of himself as part of the family.

I know he’s got his reasons, though.  He’s got a lot of responsibility.

He’s a Super Hero.  The best one that there ever was.

He cares about everyone in the city.

Everyone but himself.

--

I love my son and I love my daughter.

Sometimes they come to see me.

Sometimes I want to go see them, but my daughter tells me that I’m sick and I cannot leave.

Sometimes another man comes to see me.

He reminds me of a boy I knew once, but he is a ghost.

The ghost only comes at night, and never through the door.

He brings me gifts.  Flowers sometimes.  Candy.

Sometimes the ghost takes me to the roof and we listen to the voice of the world.

The ghost would never hurt me.

I don’t tell my children about the ghost.

I think it would make them sad.

I don’t want to hurt them.
