Okay.  This is it.
Now’s my chance, as good as any.

They’re, the cops, they’re not paying attention to the megaphone, and I grab it.

Listen to me.  You've got one chance, let her go and come out here.  Give yourself up.

Of course, the police notice me now.

"Who is that guy?  Get him away from the megaphone!"

I continue talking to the man in the building with the gun and the hostage.

You don't want to deal with me.  Come out here and end it now-

A cop grabs the megaphone from my hand and glares at me.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?  You can't just call in there!"

I think I'm going in and I think I’m bringing her out.

He looks at me patronizingly and he speaks slowly, as if to a child.

"We just can't allow that, son.  I’ll have you restrained if I have to.  We're sending men in in just a few minutes."

I give him a deadpan look.

Are they bulletproof?

His mouth contorts with a sour twist.  He must think I’m insane.

His reply is a sarcastic:

"No, are you?"

I am today.

With that, I shrug off his arm and I turn to go.

Now, honestly, I don’t know for sure if I’m bulletproof.

I mean, I was, once, but I also cut myself shaving yesterday morning…

But two days ago some kid shot me in an alley and it didn’t even break the skin.

Jesus.  What am I doing here?

I break into a run as I head for the front door.

They’re after me before I make it ten feet, but that’s fine.

I run pretty fast sometimes.

I make it inside, which is good, I guess.

I know this guy is in here, I think he’s on the second floor, but I’m not sure.

So I start looking.

And I’m not at all quiet about it.

Hey!  Guy!  Where are you?  Don’t make this harder for either of us!

I know, I know, but it sounded like the right thing to say at the time.

I'm searching randomly, then I walk past three doors and open the fourth before I know what I'm doing and I see him there.

I open the door and I look at him and he looks at me…

And nothing.

An old man looks back at me.

He doesn’t say anything, he points the gun at me, then back at this woman on the floor.

Listen, man, you’ve got to give it up.  Just put the gun down and go out there and give up.

“She laughed at me.  They all did.”

I have no idea what to do.

Should I hit him?

He’s an old man… looks like Mister Magoo.

Just give up and…

BAM!

For a fraction of a fraction of a second, I think that maybe I’m not bulletproof and I’ll be seeing Gracie sooner than I thought…

And then I feel the smallest pressure on my chest.

Just like that and I’m fine.

I think I’m more surprised than he is.

There’s this three second pause before he fires again, but this time I’m not worried.

I start to move closer to him, slowly, but he fires two more shots.

Just put it down and give up.

I’m almost to him when he turns the gun towards the woman.

Shit!

Just as I yell: “Don’t do anything stupid!” he fires two quick shots.

I don’t have time to think about what to do.

I’m about three feet from the woman and I don’t think she’s bulletproof.

I dive toward her but even as I do I can see the two new holes in her back start to slowly leak red.

I land, rather ungracefully, right on top of her, bringing my leg up and kicking Magoo’s gun hand.

I leap up as the gun goes flying and punch him in the face.

He goes straight down.

I run to the window and yell for them to get in here with a doctor, there’s a woman who’s been shot.

They’re with me quickly, and it’s chaos.

The same cop from before is shouting at me, there’s a man in white on the floor with the woman, and another man is cuffing Magoo.

“Do you know what you’ve done?!  You’re in a lot of trouble!  You’re going to jail for this!”

I’m not paying attention to him; I’m looking at the woman.

The man in white turns her over and I can see, as can the rest of the people in the room, that she’s been dead a while.

Those last two shots didn’t kill her.

It doesn’t make me feel any better, though.

Right about this time I feel the handcuffs on my wrists.
